feat(xds): raise xDS gRPC server default receive limit and make it configurable (#9564)
envoyproxy/gateway: release-notes/current/new_features/9564-xds-grpc-max-recv-msg-size.md

> Added `xdsServer.maxReceiveMessageSize` field to the EnvoyGateway API, allowing operators to increase the xDS gRPC server's maximum receive message size when large xDS snapshots at scale exceed the default 4MiB limit, which previously caused "received message larger than max" stream errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `xdsServer.maxReceiveMessageSize` to the EnvoyGateway API, allowing operators to raise the xDS gRPC server's receive limit. At large resource counts, an Envoy proxy's delta xDS request on stream reconnect can exceed the 4MiB gRPC default, which previously broke the stream with "received message larger than max" errors and left the proxy on its last known-good configuration.
```

Author: Changed, thanks
